README.md, before:

# ROHC
ROHC (Random One Hour Challenge) Is a Software That Randomizes Custom Levels In MIU And You Get One Hour To Complete As Many As Possible.  

Made By VilleOlof & Contribued By TalentedPlatinum (Most Notably ByteStream & Proper Log Reading)  

This Program Keeps Track Of All The Medals You've Obtained And Reports It At The End.  

You Can Enable TTS in the config.txt File If You Prefer, It Will Read Out New Diamond Times, Completions & Time Left At Some Intervals And Time Up  
This Can Be Useful If You Only Have One Monitor And Can't Have The Console Window Open Or-  
If You Just Prefer Not To Read The Console Window And Just Get It Read Out For You.  
Just Change It To 'true' In The Second Row To Enable It. 

You Have 3 Skips Available Through The Game And Just Type 's' In The Console Window To Skip A Level  

A Few Levels Have Been Banned From This To Give A Better Experience  
Most Notably Levels Like Hell Train For Its Length, And Impossible Levels Like The HITC Re-upload  
Levels That Have Impossible/Annoyingly Hard Diamond Times Have Been Removed  
Levels That Also Is Unfair/Can Crash Certain Peoples Games Is Also Removed  
-- ---- --  
Important: If Your Steam Directory Is Not The Default Path in 'Program Files (x86)\Steam',  
           Change The Path in 'config.txt' To Suit Your Installation Path.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to include installation & more
Added An Installation guide & Made README.md onpar with program.cs in terms of text and guidence

README.md, after:

# ROHC
ROHC (Random One Hour Challenge) Is a Software That Randomizes Custom Levels In MIU And You Get One Hour To Complete As Many As Possible.  

Made By VilleOlof & Contribued By TalentedPlatinum (Most Notably ByteStream & Proper Log Reading)    

This Program Keeps Track Of All The Medals You've Obtained And Reports It At The End.  

You Can Enable TTS in the config.txt File If You Prefer, It Will Read Out New Diamond Times,   
Completions & Time Left At Some Intervals And Times Up  

This Can Be Useful If You Only Have One Monitor And Can't Have The Console Window Open Or-  
If You Just Prefer Not To Read The Console Window And Just Get It Read Out For You.  
Just Change It To 'true' In The Second Row To Enable It.  

You Have 3 Skips Available Through The Game And Just Type 's' In The Console Window To Skip A Level  
 
A Few Levels Have Been Banned From This To Give A Better Experience  
Most Notably Levels Like Hell Train For Its Length, And Impossible Levels Like The HITC Re-upload  
Some Levels Have Also A Less Chance Of Appearing But Can Still Show Up, These Include Levels That  
Is Almost Only Possible With Analog/XInput Turning.  

Levels That Have Impossible/Annoyingly Hard Diamond Times Have Been Removed  
Levels That Also Is Unfair/Can Crash Certain Peoples Games Is Also Removed  

Important: If Your Steam Directory Is Not The Default Path in 'Program Files (x86)\Steam',  
Change The Path in 'config.txt' To Suit Your Installation Path.  

# Installation
Even A Toddler Should Be Able To Install This  

Go To [Releases](https://github.com/VilleOlof/ROHC/releases) And Download The Newest "ROHC.zip" Available  
Unzip It & Change Config.txt If Needed and Now All You Need To Do Is Run The "OneHourRandom.exe" File And Have Fun!
